Update Studio Pro Overview (#8836)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/general/studio-pro-overview/_index.md

You can find links to the [Mendix Portal](/developerportal/) and [Marketplace](/appstore/) in the upper-right corner of Studio Pro.

Your profile picture is displayed next to these links if you are signed in. When you click the profile picture, the drop-down menu is displays your full name and email, a link to your user profile, and the **Sign Out** option. 

## App Explorer

An app consists of individual files (also known as documents) and settings that are grouped in folders and [modules](/refguide/modules/). The complete structure of your app can be viewed in the [App Explorer](/refguide/app-explorer/).

> ## Workspace {#working-area}

Reviewer: We call it "working area" thoughout the refguide, if there are cases with "workspace" we need to discuss and choose one term. (Note this term is also used on the new diagram).

Author: I'll change it back to working area, but I do see instances of workspace in the refguide

{{% alert color="info" %}}
This section describes documents in the working area, not panes that you can open and position around the working area. For more information on pane behavior, see the [Layout of Panes](/refguide/view-menu/#layout-of-panes) section in *View Menu*.
{{% /alert %}}

The documents you view and edit are shown in tabs. 

You can have multiple tabs open, similar to a modern web browser. These tabs can be closed, reordered, and shown side-by-side. 

Each document has its own save state, history, and future, so undo and redo actions are unlimited.

## Dockable Panes {#panes}

Dockable panes can be positioned around the working area and contain various elements and settings.

{{< figure src="/attachments/refguide/studio-pro-overview/pane-example.png" alt="Properties Pane Example" width="300" class="no-border" >}}

For example, you can view the [list of errors](/refguide/errors-pane/), run the [Best Practice Recommender](/refguide/best-practice-recommender/), configure properties of a specific document or an element, or view the toolbox. For more information on panes and their layout, see [View Menu](/refguide/view-menu/).

## Status Bar {#status-bar}

> At the bottom-right of the Studio Pro main window pane is a status bar.

Reviewer: The image does not show the whole bottom bar, only it's right part. The status itself is shown at the bottom-left. I think we call the whole bar the status bar. (The diagram has only the right part colored but the status is on the left).

> On the left is the version control buttons (Branch Status, Incoming Commits, Outgoing Commits). You can use these buttons manage the Branch Line Manager, as well as your commit history. For more information, see [Version Control](/refguide/version-control/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the right is the version control buttons (branch status, incoming commits, outgoing commits). You can use these buttons to open the **Branch Line Manager**, as well as your commit history. For more information, see [Version Control](/refguide/version-control/).
```
